Roomie Use Cases:

1. User can register for an account
	a. User is prompted for information (name, phone number, email, birthday, password(min 8 char), profile photo)
	b. Information is verified by database to ensure availability 
		1. If unavailable, user is prompted again to enter new information
		2. If available, info is saved to the database. User is automatically logged in

2. User can login to an existing account
	a. User is prompted for login information (phone number, password)
		1. If the information is incorrect, re-prompt the user
		2. If the information is correct, login the user
	b. User has forgotten password
		1. Prompt the user for phone number and email
			a. If the combination exists, send an email with temporary password
			b. If it does not exist, re-prompt the user

3. User has logged in and is not a part of an existing house and has no invitations
	a. User given option to create a new House
		1. User prompted for house information (address, list of roomies to add)
		2. Information is verified by database (user accounts exist)
			a. If not, re-prompt for different roomies or add later
			b. If so, create house account, move user to main interface

4. User has logged in and is not a part of an existing house and has an invitation
	a. User if given option to accept or decline
		1. If accept, add user to accepted housemates list, move user to main interface
		2. If declined, remove user from potential housemate list

5. HOUSE FEED - User can scroll through recent HouseFeed data

6. HOUSE FEED - User can interact with HouseFeed data
	a. Click on an item to be navigated to a more detailed view

7. HOUSE FEED - User can click 'settings' button to navigate to a settings interface
	a. User can change / upload profile photo
	b. User can update email address
	c. User can change password (min 8 char)
	d. Head of Household User can add new roomies
	e. Head of Household User can delete roomies

8. LISTS - User can create a new list
	a. User is prompted for list title
	b. List is created and added to list of Lists

9. LISTS - User can modify an existing list
	a. User can add new bullets to an existing list
	b. User can check off list items

10. LISTS - User can delete an existing list (creator of list only)

11. NOTES - User can create a new note
	a. User is prompted for the note content
	b. User is given option to assign reactions to answers

12. NOTES - User can react to existing notes

13. NOTES - User can reply to existing notes

14. NOTES - User can delete an existing note that he created

15. CALENDAR - User can create a new event
	a. User is prompted for the event title, description, date, and time
	b. Event is created and added to list of calendar events

16. CALENDAR - User can delete an existing event that he created

17. CALENDAR - User can modify calendar events
	a. User is prompted for updated event title, description, date, and time
	b. Event info is updated in the database

18. PAYMENTS - TBD













